Donkey with tiger skin
One punch for personal gain
That's right, Qin Feng.
If you change your mind
The crime of the employer, Pei Jiuling
Maybe you can take credit for it.
You may die
Qin Feng, this is a great opportunity
Don't be ignorant of praise
If I say no
Ok daughter-in-law
If you have to go your own way
Just give up accompanying 901 to die
Boy, I advise you to think carefully
Don't blame me for not reminding you.
All the gods of war will gather here today
They will not tolerate you
Yes, you were taught by the Qing army
That's Correction Duoduo.
It is rumored that at the beginning of the Qing army's northward advance
Various swamps have long been laid
Powerful punishment
And you
But he dared to let Pei Jiuling's country impersonate the Qing army
Sister-in-law, Pei Jiuling wants to kill you?
Then he quibbles
Put all the blame on you
You said the Qing army believed him
I still believe you.
I advise you to admit your mistake now
otherwise
Wait for all kinds of adults to take action
Are you afraid you won't even have a chance to beg for mercy?
Really? I'd love to try that.
Unaware of life and death
Today, I will show you the power of the Temple of War
It seems that in recent years
The God of War is a neglect of ghost religion
It's a bit lawless to do things.
So let me teach you a lesson today
It also gives us a long memory.
I gave it to you.
It's you who don't know how to cherish it.
Then don't blame me for being rude.
Let go of me